Api separation documentation (#657)
apache/logging-log4j2: src/site/markdown/api-separation.md

        logger.info( "Hello World!" );
    }
}
```

We can then route the messages to Log4j2 using the log4j-slf4j-impl like the following:

```
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.slf4j</groupId>
    <artifactId>slf4j-api</artifactId>
    <version>1.7.32</version>
</dependency>
<dependency>
      <groupId>org.apache.logging.log4j</groupId>
      <artifactId>log4j-slf4j-impl</artifactId>
      <version>2.17.0</version>
</dependency>
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.apache.logging.log4j</groupId>
    <artifactId>log4j-core</artifactId>
    <version>2.17.0</version>
</dependency>
```

Note that if we were using SLF4J 1.8 instead of 1.7, that requires us to use
log4j-slf4j18-impl instead of log4j-slf4j-impl.

## Using Log4j2 with JUL

It is also possible to route messages that are logged using java.util.logging
to Log4j2.  Assuming that the code looks like the following:

```java
import java.util.logging.Logger;

public class Log4j2Test {

    private static final Logger logger = Logger.getLogger(Log4j2Test.class.getName());

    public Log4j2Test(){
        logger.info( "Hello World!" );
    }
```

We can then also route these messages to the Log4j2 core by adding in the JUL bridge,

> and setting the java.util.logging.manager property in the JVM(see the documentation on

Reviewer: It might be helpful to provide the precise arg here, otherwise folks may read over it. I've seen it done incorrectly a few places.
```suggestion
and setting `-Djava.util.logging.manager=org.apache.logging.log4j.jul.LogManager` on the JVM (see the documentation on
```
